docs: use more inclusive language in flask tutorial (#707)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorial/flask.rst

Build a rock for a Flask application
------------------------------------

> In this tutorial we will create a simple Flask application and learn how to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we'll create a simple Flask application and learn how to
```
